Update creating-assessments-from-competencies.md (#295)
usds/SME-QA-Website: pages/phases/job-analysis/creating-assessments-from-competencies.md

You’ve been tasked with solving “x” using “y” methods. Detail a plan of action, with the steps you’d take. In your plan, account for various risks, such as what you would do if a stakeholder blocked your efforts and alternative methods you would consider.

### Written assessments tips
- The assessment type should be appropriate to evaluate the applicant's proficiency level within the pre-defined competencies.
- Ideally, you will have time during the workshop for live testing of assessment questions. If you end up revising the assessment after the workshop, the revised assessment will need to be tested.
- As part of testing, record the time it will take to conduct the written assessment. Add that to the job announcement and assessment instructions.
- You should provide an estimated timeframe within the JOA in which applicants can expect a written assessment to be sent (e.g., "If you are selected to move forward, you should expect to receive a written assessment within approximately 3-5 days of this announcement closing."
- To keep the applicant burden manageable, give applicants a maximum word count to use to complete the assessment.

## Structured Interviews

> All pilots to date have included a structured interview as the final assessment step. We recommend having interviews be the last assessment step because of the time required to schedule, conduct, and assess them.

Author: ```suggestion
All pilots to date have included a structured interview as the final assessment step. The benefit of including a pass/fail interview is that until a SME speaks with an applicant about the technical competencies, it is hard to know if they are really qualified. In the competitive process, you want to make sure only qualified applicants make it through the process to avoid a certificate cancelled with no selections.
```
